Sister Jing, I was wrong, Sister Jing, I was wrong
Please forgive me.
Jie Shao, help me talk
Do you know who I am?
I am Wan Jie of Wanjia in the capital
Liu Zhen is my man, you have to dare to fire him
That means you can't get along with me
I don't care who you are.
If you don't accept
Get out of here too
You stinky bitch dare to talk to me like that
I'm here at the Wind and Cloud Bar
I'll see who dares to make trouble
Good, very good.
Waiting for you to wait for me
If you don't accept it, who will provoke you?
The gentleman wants to be kidnapped
You see how I handle it.
Are you still satisfied?
Thanks a lot.
But this guy has gone too far.
It's too cheap to just fire him
In that case
We can issue a permanent ban order
At least in this one-third acre of Tianhai
He's never going to get a job.
Can you still do this?
Certainly.
Xiongye's strength is easy to ban a person
Sister, I was wrong.
You can't ban me, Sister Jing
If you ban me, it's all over
Zhu Suyuan, you can hold a boat in the belly of the prime minister
Do you think I'm a fart?
You asked me to wipe the dog's fart
All kinds of humiliation
Oh, that's right.
You fired me and didn't pay my wife
I'll give you double pay
I'll give you ten times, okay?
Blow him out
Sister Jing, Sister Jing, give me a chance, Sister Jing